Letter to Shareholders1 Dear Stakeholder, Demand for our services showed remarkable resilience even as other parts of the technology universe deflated, and macroeconomic uncertainties worsened in our major markets throughout FY 2023. Our revenue for the year was ₹225,458 crore, a growth of 17.6% over the prior year (13.7% in constant currency). From an industry vertical perspective, growth in FY 2023 was led by Retail and Consumer Business, which grew 22.1%, Life Sciences and Healthcare which grew 20.2% and Communications, Media and Technology which grew 18.1%. The Board has recommended a final dividend of ₹24 per share, bringing the total dividend for the year to ₹115 per share. For the full year, the company's shareholder payout was ₹42,079 crore, 108.2% of the free cash flow during the year. The breadth and depth of our cloud expertise, our scale, deep domain knowledge, strong partnership credentials with the hyperscalers and our us a distinct competitive edge in this phase of the cloud adoption cycle. The availability of compute, dataand networks at scale provides access to powerful technologies like advanced analytics and machine learning, applied to diverse areas like computer vision, text and speech processing, in domains like dynamic supply chain optimization, new molecule discovery in life sciences and usagebased pricing of insurance coverage. Our investments in research and innovation across different industries, and our Pace innovation architecture have positioned us well to partner with them in these initiatives. 7 new clients signed up during the year, bringing the total to 30 clients. Our investments in research and innovation across different industries, and our Pace innovation architecture have positioned us well to partner with them in these initiatives. Some of the emerging innovation themes that we helped customers with include ecosystem and multiindustry models underpinned by technologies like data marketplaces, API and blockchain, in industries like transportation and public sector; AIpowered autonomous robotics in the logistics industry, and new applications for digital twins in the BFSI, industries.Applied at scale, across a broad set of business or IT operations, this can result in an entirely new operating model that significantly boosts our clients' competitiveness. As macroeconomic uncertainty increased in the second half of the year, we saw clients adapting by reprioritizing their spends and showing greater interest in such operating model transformations. For example, for a large Fortune 500 electric gas utility, we built the service delivery platform central to their new business model of providing warranty repair, refurbishment and replacement services of various home appliances to households.TCS Cognix, our AIdriven human machine collaboration suite, has been a game changer, enabling faster transformations that deliver concrete business benefits within months. Its 600 prebuilt configurable and reusable digital solutions enable plug and play transformation of a range of business and technology functions, horizontal and vertical. Ingram Micro, one of the largest technology distributors in the US, engaged us as a partner to power their pivot into ecommerce and achieve their mission to transform from a traditional distributor to a platform company that does distribution. Tapestry Inc, a leading New Yorkbased house of iconic accessories and lifestyle brands such as Coach, Kate Spade, & Stuart Weitzman, partnered with TCS to drive their omnichannel modernization and transform the customer journey experience. Elsewhere in this report, you can read about the work we did for Philips Domestic Appliances in its journey to be a standalone company, and how we helped Eversource Energy pursue its carbon neutrality aspirations. Digital transformation, which began in the front office, towards enhancing customer experience, made further inroads within the enterprise during the year, unlocking tremendous value in the middle and back office. As critical technologies such as machine vision and conversational systems get better with the use of AI, our Machine First approach is helping clients use them innovatively in the back office, embedding them into reimagined processes to drive greater velocity, agility, throughput and resilience which, among other things, also enhances customer experience. Our scale, structure, and ability to bring together different capabilities into a seamless service delivery team, helped us win several large deals throughout the year. We broke out of the vicious cycle of hiring and counterhiring within the industry by investing in onboarding an unprecedent number of fresh engineers over 110,000 in FY 2022 and over 44,000 in FY 2023 and training them on the technologies most in demand.In FY 2023, we focused on utilizing the spare capacity built up in the prior year, and recalibrated our hiring especially as attrition started falling in the second half of the year. During the year, 53,000 TCSers acquired certification on hyperscaler cloud skills, bringing the total number to over 110,000, making TCS one of the Top 2 partners to the largest cloud providers. So long, farewell This year marks a key milestone in my journey with TCS, and an important transition point for the company, as I step down from my role as CEO and MD on 31st May 2023. It has been an absolute privilege and an unparalleled learning experience to lead our company in the last six years, a period of tremendous growth and transformation for us. On a more personal note, I am grateful to Chandra, our Chairman, for his mentorship and backing over the years, to our Board members for their guidance, and to all our customers for the confidence they reposed in us. I take this opportunity to thank all my colleagues whose support and trust made my journey as CEO successful, satisfying and unforgettable. I also thank all my fellow TCSers whose energy, dedication and aspirations continue to power the organization's success. I am confident that TCS' best years are ahead, and I look forward to watching the company's continued success from outside.